hey there folks we're on fedid Foy today
with a little bit
of piano playing as the wat SPID xar
he's called himself Noah for some reason
D even tried to comprehend the name
calling conventions of piano it is
pointless and the other problem that we
have here is uh Plum loo Mr chaos Lord
over here I have no idea who he is got
to be a Smur of some sort if he's
hanging out with piano in 1 V one isn't
it weird when you don't see the demon
Sword and the chaos Lord because this
guy's like level 44 Army level so not
max level on his chaos but he's hanging
out with piano so must be a Smurf and I
don't know who's but let's see if he's
any good he's going to be leading with
double
Heretics very typical opening a little
bit awkward against the W spider xar who
can peel them away quite easily with
that spinner is he going to fight them
in Mel here he's got the protection of
this pipe which is reducing the quantity
of Heretics that can actually fight him
they're actually shuffling around a lot
which is quite nice for the Heretics
it's keeping them alive
longer I guess piano's quite happy with
that just trying to get some XP by
killing the models trying to stay in a
bit longer you see he already sent the
Guardians down here so that's probably
why he didn't want to teleport here to
start capping there be a bit redundant
to have two units over there just
farming XP basically he's quite Weak by
default
doesn't do a lot of DPS in meleo range
though he's competent in both but it's
when he picks up his filament weapon
upgrade and then the accessory for more
damage and range as well that he starts
doing crazy DPS cuz then it's more than
50 DPS in tier one piercing with
Superior
range on a teleporting hero very scary
for Heretics that said probably still
wise for Plum that he's gone for the
double Heretics because this is a very
big map with a lot of points to cap
spread out over it it's nice that he's
got this extra cheap Squad capping in
the side there probably not going to use
one of these Heretics for combat maybe
this one just keep it with these models
for now that you've got just run around
capping with it get the AC on the other
one to be able to tango with these
banshees that are causing problems and
then Plum Loco is going to need a way to
deal with shurikens always going to get
shurikens against the chaos it's the
best way to deter him you don't really
want to go rangers cuz he can just pick
up the com Boler and literally just
shoot the Rangers down and if he starts
getting upgrades for his durability it
could be really bad looking like
potentially a heretic wipe
here very close one model he failed the
Doom blast you see the Doom blast
actually triggered with a very rear
model and it didn't suppress the
Banshees but there you go this is the
problem with the chaos Lord he was Focus
firing I don't know the Heretics I guess
the shuriken and obviously you can't
suppress the Kord he just managed to run
in and deal with that
shuriken I'm going to be grabbing some
Raptors as
well so you have to assume we're going
to see more shens coming out of piano
and indeed second shuriken is on
Route stand en backing off now with the
Guardians to get behind the green cover
doesn't want to fight CSM in a Range
fire fight without that green cover
wouldn't be ideal for the Guardians CSM
in Wild just want to run into melee but
that's what you got shurik in behind
them for to
deter now a lot of free damage coming in
from them Guardians they're not very
durable but they definitely output good
damage obviously CSM saved from that
quite substantially thanks to their
heavy infantry
armor SC in a little bit out of
cover got the Raptors ooh piano layering
his shurikens very close together if I
was going to say if Plum MOS that
correctly he should be able to LEAP onto
the rear one with the Raptor and so he
did both shurikens
routed we now have the improved
targeters on the way but they're not on
the field yet so the tickling from the
Walt spider will continue for now see if
we can get a CSM model they're going to
try and a little bit of cover behind
that
box with the Guardians coming in too
that's doesn't look
great Chaos's in a bit of trouble right
now
chaos yeah this is uh no he's going to
be all right he just Retreat right now
what's he doing yeah just
Retreat if he retreated
here then he would have been caught by
the Banshees in Retreat path which is I
think why he sort of approached them and
then got detered and went this way I
think that's also why the spider was
staying him for so long again though Pio
really messing up his shuriken layering
but it's not too bad here because he has
the Banshees the Raptors are too busy
focusing on trying to tie up or Force
off shurikens then they're not fighting
the Banshees which are hacking them to
pieces with those power swords and they
got one gen there nearly got the N
down but relatively unsuccessful push
this secondary Squad oh he's going for
grenade launchers okay fair enough yeah
a soft counter to the
shuriken if you can use line of sight
blockers like this you can fire up and
over which is cool you can hide behind
the trees and fire
over pretty good map actually with line
of sight blockers if you're up here you
can fire at a sh in here which would
have to come all the way over here to be
able to return fire and of course you've
got that barrage ability which you see
right here going out to disrupt the
Banshees and their cap and you can use
that to disrupt the
shurikens so with the Raptors the
grenade launchers and the Kord he should
be in a good position here to deal with
the two
shurikens but he doesn't have a
tremendous amount for the Banshees he's
just got his one aspiring Champion
heretic
Squad yeah now that this is the problem
this is where things get rough heavy
gauge death spinner increasing his range
DPS to 34 add another 50% and seven
weapon range because of the improved
targeters so you're now looking at a
hell of a lot of damage where we're
nearly close to 50 at that point which
is a lot of range DPS in tier one you
see the consequence
one of the CSM they're getting popped
pretty expensive for chaos there and
this is where chaos can really fall
behind in the match up if Elda keeps
retreating out of fights very early when
they're not going in their favor
mitigating their bleed meanwhile they're
going to be bleeding the Raptors and the
CSM constantly and even Heretics I mean
you know Heretics they're very cheap
think some like 13 recory reinforce or
something but if you just keep killing
those models it will add up but
certainly if you can tax some of these
marines it's going to be great for piano
piano looking a little bit further ahead
in Tech do we see any no no War gear for
the Kord is very typical to see that
Combi Boler against Eldar there a whole
lot of light infantry in tier one so the
pacing damage from the C Lord can be
very effective but we're not seeing it
here and pabit is going to be going tier
two see that stun here from the heavy
gauge death
filament heavy gauge death Spinners I
don't know heavy heavy filament I think
it's the heavy heavy gauge deaths
Spinners yeah which use the heavy gauge
filament ability God what a cun crack
shot on them as well here so extra range
and extra damage going onto that W
spider xar and this is what I mean like
look at this crazy just pops another CSM
and these GE ticks I don't know what
they're doing I'm not sure why they're
not
firing they need to get out of there
they're going to be bleeding they're
going to be bleeding a
lot yeah Plum Lo a little bit confused
they seem to be bugged out in some
manner
now they can retreat they were just
spazzing out there that was rather
odd shuriken needs to get out of there
piano perhaps ooh trying to bait them
into a grenade there he was but he does
drop two models and that's what I was
saying earlier you need to be careful
not to lose those models so he can start
getting ahead in some sort of attrition
game
here can they force off the spider yeah
they do and then they go Retreat cuz
they don't want to lose a model War
AC C tick managing to take that
contested VP but fallen behind quite a
bit now Plum Loco on the VP
game so he's going two as well we're not
seeing anything from the tier 2 of piano
yet yeah no xar or anything like that so
I wonder if he's saving up for a ra Lord
probably quite risky to go for a Falcon
against potential corn worship speed
boosted plague Marines which snare you
on every shot you just don't really have
the durability on a
falc blood Crusher for Plum
Loco We have got the aspect of strength
here on the banshe so they can get heavy
melee if they upgrade to the xar he is
going to go for the Falcon well
certainly the Falcon will be a hard hard
coun to the blood Crusher it's faster
than it and it's got an AV gun so it can
just shoot at this thing while this
thing can't really do anything cuz it
can never catch it now if Plum Loco gets
played Marines afterwards and he snares
the Falcon with the plague Marines and
then he uses speed worship with to get
his blood Crusher into melee that could
be a a fulcon that's killed very
quickly likewise of course he's got
Raptors so you see this demon Maul on
the aspar champion of the Raptors that
is heavy melee so again jump behind the
Falcon after it's snared by plague
Marines and you could be in for a pretty
decent situation but Raptors caught out
there by another shuriken setting up
kind of set in on the r really ideal
don't even have full health anyway so
yeah they got to get out of there let
the Galaxy burn wow really interesting
choice I mean it's an okay counter to
the setup teams those Fireballs are
quite inaccurate at long range which is
problematic but you do get four of them
and if any of them hit the shuriken it
will knock it over not only doing DPS
over time then but also obviously
stopping it from been able to shoot
because it will stop it being set up so
that's probably why he's got that
I don't know if that's worth it using it
at close range will do loads of Spike
damage to the howling banshees good if
you slow them down with something like
Doom blast or the slow a of the plague
Marines now you see at mid-range and you
see that sort of inaccuracy quite a high
spread there oh we've already got a
bright Lance from piano in the
background of course we've got the
Falcon weighing in and the exac with a
heavy
melee bit of a dubious situation here
but oh I was going to say are we going
to see a demonic Fury that would have
been probably wiser than the jump there
just demonic Fury that's the ability on
the aspirion champion and send that EXA
flying at the end of the day she's the
only one with the heavy melee everyone
else is power melee so yeah oh wow
Falcon massively overextended here
getting into melee range of the blood
Crusher which turn around and the
[__] Raptors which managed to just
Smash It
ridiculous and a demonic raw there
pushing the howling banshees away can
they get back into range they've got
Fleet of foot so I think they're going
to manage it and attempt Ed save with
the grenade launcher barrage there
actually knocking over the heavy melee
Banshee xar and now the BL crush's
healing from the worship oh but we got
crack shot on that bright Lance wow
getting behind the terrain blocker just
in time there and I tell you what guys
that is a lot of bleed for
piano obviously major micro mistake
there sending the fen so far forward
probably assumed the blood Crusher had
gone further away and then I don't know
it was microing over there I suppose
there you go yeah let the Galaxy burn
countering the guardian weapons team
that's something another use for it will
be to get rid of the generators very
fast it will do pretty good damage to
them seen an aspiring Champion now on
the K Space Marines so they're going to
be able to trade up quite well against
the Guardians even though they've got
that warlock who does give them damage
resistance against range attacks these
guys are just too tough at this point
way too much heavy infantry HP for the
Guardians to
compete sles of chaos to
cheeky little blood
sacrifice okay just delaying things
here yeah not really achieving a whole
lot though the Bloods aren't very good
when they don't have the speed worship
at killing things that are moving away
from
them so that's a
problem raptor is doing a really good
job shutting down the W spider Rex AR
you like to see that
what you want to do is you want to
charge at him to force him to teleport
away cuz remember he can't fire while
moving and only when he teleports away
so it's on cool down do you jump him
then if you jump first it's not going to
be very
effective at the Galaxy burn again going
to disrupt that shuriken there you go
okay all right I mean it's doing its job
isn't it clearly that's what he got it
for I mean they're going to set up again
but you've got grenade launchers going
in too I don't know why he moved the CSM
so far forward if he kept them at a
distance with the grenade launchers he
probably would have done quite well can
the W spider xack kill this Cur Lord
right
now goes for the kill o one HP really
unlucky then the blood Crusher getting
into Mele and tying up that spider we're
going to see the ri FL now for piano
obviously in hindsight this would have
been the better choice well I mean not
necessarily but piano basically in a in
a bad spot here you know he he could
have had this this composition of R FL
plus spiders quite a long time ago and
uh he [__] it didn't he with his Falcon
in theory if he micro the Falcon better
it could have been very strong certainly
Falcon into a blood crush is a fantastic
matchup if you're the Elder but us yeah
this is piano's opportunity right now
he's got to make a comeback he's behind
him VPS quite
significantly and he's behind in Tech
but the very fact that he's behind in
Tech is how he can make a comeback he
has invested in these two units here got
a nice tier 1.5 unit in the Walt spider
Squad and meanwhile Plum Loco has just
been taking tier three
under attack from
Chait oh not good for the spiders here
they're in the the the fire they let the
Galaxy burn and they're also taking
damage from Slaughter CSM which do
additional range damage while that's
active as well as being able to S out
the chainsaws if they
wish so that's a lot of damage oh here
we go another Blood Sacrifice not really
a great situation here for the Banshees
they got to get out of there team engag
in
me we have succeeded in our
objective
me
me sorry about that guys I had to go
check on why my dog screaming and I'm
not entirely sure but he's he's here now
so we're just going to roll with him he
likes screaming to be fair
fing
idiot attack honestly it's like having a
baby it's ridiculous and he's two as
well constantly watching him oh what
have I missed now feel like someone died
did uh no the blush didn't die the r
fl's still wandering around all right
fine chaos Predator coming out obviously
that's going to be a great counter to
the r FL the ri does have the bright
Lance but it's only short
range but we do have a potential snare
here here in the ha wre grenade so if
piano can set this up correctly with the
bright Lance the shoulder mounted bright
Lance of the ra Lord and a ha wre
grenade for a snare he could take out a
predator but like I say he's got to he's
got to set it up right hasn't
he you've got Raptors going around which
can jump on that bright Lance you don't
have a snare for the ra Lord which is a
nice Advantage for piano that would have
made it very tough if there was a
snare once again Raptors are going to be
utilized well here to counter that
spider he going to out in time
yeah it's hard to kill this dude he can
teleport around like he
does blood Crusher going to go down this
way should be able to dispatch these
banshees worship support they won't have
enough damage on their own to take down
that BC that's a nice barrage as well
does that knock back obviously doesn't
knock back the blood Crusher so that's a
good situation routs the
Banshees oh we got a blood for the Kord
now as
well fair
enough makes sense no reason to get the
lightning claws he hasn't got any
accessories or War gear that would
benefit from the faster attack speed and
actually this thing being the same DPS
as the lightning claws albe it normal
melee not power melee but higher dph
makes it better for killing fleeing
range units and that's what he's dealing
with right now he no one's going to
stand Toe to Toe of him in melee even
the Banshees they wouldn't want to do
that so he doesn't need the lightning
claws that's what they're for he wants
to have a tool that can do actually good
DPS to things that are fleeing and if
the Banshees do want to come in he can
yeat them with a sweeping
Doom so there you go some nice chunks of
HP going away from the spider oh he
seems like he missed that one that was
weird probably going to use that slam
here and then Retreat I'll kill the
way might be a bad spot for that chaos
Lord no banshees are deviating because
this is a very scary position oh he's
going to get the Predator which upgraded
to the Mac of Zin as well but
insufficient support caught out by the
haywire and the ra
Lord yeah it's dead power of the r FL
baby walkers can be so strong you got to
have things to supplement your tanks I
don't really know why you went ma of Z I
don't really think that was worth
it I mean obviously the threet was the r
Lord he wanted to kill it sooner
but the tanks win because they've got
Mobility tanks should be able to
disengage from bad fights in which
Walkers can't now obviously that changes
when you get hit by a hair wire but you
know you've got you've got chos Raptors
Ian they did shut down the the bright
Lance but I don't know not enough
support to actually deal with other
things and I guess the the real problem
there is that his only real AV was the
tank could have done with another source
of Av if he had a a nice LZ cannon in
the back there he could have zoned out
that ra Lord's Pursuit
and then likely the RL would die because
the RL can't flee from a tank in know in
the same way that a tank can flee from
the
RL close range let the Galaxy burn
mostly dodged there by the fleet of foot
from the Banshees Bright's definitely
going to get forced off a bit of a
strange gra grenade bar though actually
disrupted his own Raptors not ideal
probably was an opportunity there to get
another model off the Raptors with the r
flood but missing it now we can get
these Guardians into repair this bad boy
CSM not really achieving a whole lot
here in tier 2 this is quite common they
just bleed I think actually to be honest
these should go to mark of K they'll
they'll handle this war spider xack a
lot better and the war spiders and the
Guardians and honestly like if the hling
Banshees meet Bal to CSM they're not
doing much to the hling Banshees anyway
Hing banshees will beat corn Marines
one-on-one but it'll be a decent
scrap but really these CSM are going
around controlling and fighting these
guys right all of whom are going to be
very vulnerable to the good speed the
extra HP and just the tremendous amount
of melee damage that these that corn
Marines will have we're going with Mar K
this time 75% extra Bolter damage and
25% extra aut Cannon
damage I think that is correct Choice
also more speed so he goes in for the
hair wire then probably wants to retreat
he just lost his EXA for that hair wire
I don't know is that worth it maybe bit
of Chip damage where the Heretics now
the heretic's coming out anyway it's
kind of pointless oh my God he's gone
for double bright Lan's piano I guess
shuin is not really achieving a whole
lot at this point to be honest he
doesn't really need them does he he's
handling the Infantry fine without
shurikins but yeah this is this is too
much perhaps Plum wants to retain CSM
just with slaughter uh just as the
default form we know Mac for Slaughter
maybe that's why he likes it but
I think with Raptors and corn Marines
and then the chos you should just be
able to rush down the elar and dominate
them in melee so that probably would be
more
effective oh no attack for
piano Plum needs to get Terminators
now he could go for a last Canon havoc
in the meantime which would help him a
lot versus this R FL but if he goes for
Aon Terminators he'll be chilling the
problem is that's going to be a while
and VPS are starting to get low
unfortunately for him still a fair bit
ahead in the VPS but it's bleeding loses
another
Raptor going to drop this side
here grenade launcher Heretics are
trying to do their thing ah that was
good he was wary of the threat here from
the hair wire so he already got his tank
out of there under speed worship as
well and now we'll be able to sort of
disuade these units a lot better wow
they didn't take a lot of damage there
did they
over is dangerous but the line of sight
block is problematic for the tank here
not a very good tank map to be honest
and a good walker one because of these
line of sight blockers certainly up here
on this hill which very important this
hill since it has both of the VPS on it
the natural
VPS so AAC just hanging around she just
needs to yeah light her around there
prevent the hers coming out and capping
she obviously can't deal with them while
they're in the Garrison unless she
switches to the fusion gun then she
could as melter ignores
garrisons you see the maon tank just
putting in work right now bleeding the
Elder preventing piano from getting
another rear flood out which would be a
problem for sure I think that should be
the play for piano I don't think with a
VP so low right now o nice PL a grenade
don't think with VPS at 90 for piano he
can afford to go TI three it's going to
take him too long by the time he gets a
unit out the game will probably be ended
I think another rear FL is probably wise
and start DR dropping down some webw
getes kind of
thing Raptor's just jumping again
disuade the bright lances but now they
want to be careful I mean he's going
after the the rear Flor trying to get
that chip damage in not sure the the
damage of the Raptors is really worth it
oh miss micro potentially from the wat
spider xac okay he's in Retreat path now
of the wat spider xac but B's engaging
here is pretty damn
risky yeah he's not able to get the kill
on the spider X out because of the
positioning of the Banshees but here we
go let's see some hold fire action H
spiders moving in with a hair wire all
right oh God is the RL going to kill
this tank now oh dear uh to be fair I
didn't even see that coming but it was a
micro era again from PL why did he move
SC close to the r FL got way too
overconfident fishing for the kill there
you go R FL pops another tank op ti2
Walkers it's a joke guys Plum needs
another source of ranged
AV piano has double bright lances over
here for [__] sake but yeah he miss
mro again why did he drive literally
touching that freaking R FL oh and
that's such a shame for Plum he's
literally getting his Terminators now
that would be another source of ranged
AV once he can get the requisition for
the auto
Cannon yikes wow risky players
aggressive players from Plum teleporting
forward with his Terminators to try and
Aid the Heretics against these obviously
Superior banshees and he gets that
successfully okay all
right Heretics can get onto the VPS Plum
is now behind on the VP game he's going
to have his Terminators moving into
melee and ah piano's done the correct
Choice here gone for the double rear
fla yeah big I mean Plum left himself so
open to this by not getting any proper
AV for ages laskan and Havoc really
should have come out probably a long
time ago to be
honest but like I say he would have been
fine if he had the maor tank plus the
autoc cannon Terminators just having
that extra source of Av is really
important oh the stun from the W spider
that's a bit of a nightmare isn't it for
Terminators obviously Terminators can't
Retreat so stuns and immobilization are
a huge problem for
them especially when they're isolated
like this but that's why I I criticize
the aggressive teleport from them in the
first
place they got it back now but they've
incurred so much damage they're going to
have to go into the base to heal for a
bit it's not really
ideal pew pew the aut attack for a
second I has probably could have gone
into melee with the Banshees there I
don't know why they're fleeing but yeah
no no requisition here for Plum oh he's
gone for the uh the melter Raptors I
always forget about this option unique
to the Raptors in tier three just
casually slays thear Champion there uh
I'm not sure what these RI okay they're
going to Mele with a RI fine oh yeah
they don't even have their Auto Cannon
yet so they have to go into melee for
a
yikes oh but the stun again brutal with
repairs coming in and the natural HP
regen of the w b on the ra Lords
they're dominating the chaos forces here
R Lord
superpowers a close match a close match
the Mis micros of the
um of the Predators
problematic yeah really screwed Plum
obviously invested a lot in them going
tier three and then that's the first
thing you buy after a relatively short
tier two only getting is it just a blood
Crusher yeah that is a fast TI three
from Plum and this is what often happens
in Dar War I if you rush that tier three
you either win the game as soon as you
get your onew which is usually your tier
threee infantry and your
tank or you get wrecked because you left
yourself vulnerable you lose sort of
your farm whilst you're taking tier
three and then a a pair of Walkers comes
out and you have insufficient a to
actually deal with them cuz tanks out
the be all and end all in don't know
what to but there you go folks that's
going to be all from your boy top it I
hope you enjoyed that one I am signing
out
[Music]